hey guys what's up its I can play Jake
and today we have our third of teh video
this one I will be traveling to the
nether I don't know what happen I know I
built it like I'm for sure I built the
thing I just never found another reactor
but I went and got them on materials for
it and so we're gonna head off in the
distance so that it's not too visible I
guess you'd say well you know what I
don't know this kind of our area for
another hector's I guess I'll just build
it right here no reason not to I guess
except respect I mean it'd be able to
get out but it's gonna have to take
because that sounds cool when you say it
so let's build it right I don't know
kind of want some open land for it
happen I don't want to kill my animals
either I think we'll go right here I
really hope the stunts around our world
I have no idea what's gonna do I got my
shovel I'm an idiot yeah okay so sorry I
couldn't do it not in the last video but
I was just having technical difficulties
as in I'm can't find what I built so
yeah I guess you could count that as
tactical good technical difficulties I
don't know so let's go ahead and build
this thing at least it's not nighttime I
know it's not the correct pattern don't
you know that it's alright
I think it's right I don't need that do
I yeah I wish to put another actor you
didn't have to have so much stuff
there's a skeleton
hello skeleton you just died sucks to be
you so this is right I don't even know
sure okay so we got let's get everything
we need yeah I got my armor on looking
sexy so I need my food
I need my sword and I need my pick and
that's about it let me just spit some of
these items out I don't need because I
wanna be able to pick up anything I can
in the nether look at little green
square they added four
talk about that so yeah we're preparing
for the nether adventure whatever its
gonna look like
apparently they added netherrack instead
of nether or instead of cobble cobble
costing an obsidian so well we're gonna
about to see that here we go in a second
look a little bit there's that so we
need that that that and that's about it
hey you grab though I don't know we'll
see what let's head in here we go should
I eat yeah I'm gonna eat I'm see just
there we go I'm pretty service close ah
whoa this is a cool it's a lot more gosh
dang I was really laggy I forgot to get
my gold I'm done hey you guys hostile
yes you are okay okay you got the gold
what that was a weird screen there it's
a man scream let's grab his stuff grab
the stuff grab the stuff Oh blow stone
that's what I want dead stuff oh you can
make quartz oh yes yes you can make
quartz yes buddy
that's awesome ah good anti run these
guys are strong oh my gosh we can make
quartz yay I'm saying weird stuff but
this is awesome oh my gosh just wants so
much stuff it's so dark in here why is
it so dark hopefully it's holding
deteriorates I have no idea what's gonna
happen
where's my torches Tiger than I have any
torches to either gosh dang it okay
whatever I'm just gonna grab everything
I can't even grab everything whatever I
need that cords can i grab it I got it
wow I'm full but on any time needs beef
I don't need that beef don't go into
course I get it so got sixty for that
okay everything disappeared okay that's
cool I can't see you where the poop
let's make a torch and I can't cuz my
thing is full all right whatever
I gotta get to work I gotta see what
this looks like I really want to got to
see what's going on in this business
here there we go
why can't I pick up anyway Wow awesome
so let's collect all this stuff because
I need it
wow that's awesome yeah yeah so oh yes
this is cool let's go make some chords
too
I can do this when you guys aren't
watching or you don't need to be seeing
all this give me that
gosh dang it oh oh I can't even pick
that up
ah wait I got melon seeds I don't need
that I don't need inspired give me
mm-hmm
oh my gosh I'm being a real fell right
now I'm being a real fail that's so
weird
right sorry about this little boring pot
i tiara so it did turn nighttime because
it was not nighttime when I started this
I don't know how big is that that's not
bad
it's a memory and it's huge holy poop
okay dang it I wish they'd make it
smaller or something or make it like
we're deteriorates when it's done
instead of just opening up but oh well
it's it's okay whatever whatever as you
can see I've used another reactor a lot
I've got a lot of gold I had a lot of
gold till now so let's go ahead I guess
you made quartz is that what that was
that really quartz I just got cuz oh my
gosh I can this is awesome
Wow what does that stuff and I'm not
even getting the horse but let's make
all that and throw some stuff in the
chest here oh man I picked it up 16 are
you kidding me connect crashing like
call the stop or some oh well
oh there's a glitch there's a glitch
never mind just kidding I'm an idiot
so let's make one I guess you can make
all the nether stuff and courts that's
called what came in is that a creeper
costing it's a creeper blew up I guess
right
what's the door just exploded and that's
it whatever we can fix that another time
thanks for watching guys this has been a
great video great adventure in the
nether please leave a like if you liked
this video anyway
ro Ewell's